Welcome everyone.
In this section, we're gonna go ahead and
show you how to download
the win32diskimager.
So here on our laptop,
we're just gonna go ahead and
Google win32diskimager,
so we can find the file.
>> Type in win32diskimager and the first
link that comes up is the sourceforge.net.
And that's a pretty common link to
download the Win32 Disk Imager,
so we're gonna trust it and click on it.
And as soon as we get to this page,
we're gonna see a green box and
we'll click on the Download.
>> So [INAUDIBLE],
what does the Win32 Disk Imager do?
>> All right Randy, so the Win32 Disk
Imager is basically a tool that will
allow us to write image files
onto SD card or USB sticks.
That's pretty useful here and we're
gonna save this on our computer as well.
I'm just gonna click Save and
it'll start downloading.
All right, so now that we have
the Win32 Disk Imager downloaded and
we have the Ubuntu image downloaded.
We now have everything we need to
start flashing the image file or
the operating system onto the SD card.
So we'll see you in the next lesson and
see exactly how we're gonna flash
the image file onto the SD card.